docs: Document the context hook extension (#641)
copier-org/copier: docs/faq.md

# Frequently Asked Questions

## How can I alter the context before rendering the project?

Similar questions:

-   **How can I add/remove variables to/from the rendering context?**
-   **How to infer context variables based on the users answers, without prompting
    users?**

Answer:

**Use the [`ContextHook` extension][context-hook].**

The [`ContextHook` extension][context-hook] lets you modify the context used to render
templates, so that you can add, change or remove variables.

[context-hook]:
    https://github.com/copier-org/copier-templates-extensions#context-hook-extension

In order for Copier to be able to load and use the extension when generating a project,
it must be installed alongside Copier itself. More details in the
[`jinja_extensions` docs](#jinja_extensions).

You can then configure your Jinja extensions in Copier's configuration file:

```yaml title="copier.yaml"
_jinja_extensions:
    - copier_templates_extensions.TemplateExtensionLoader
    - extensions/context.py:ContextUpdater
```

Following this example, you are supposed to provide a `context.py` file in the

> `extensions` folder at the root of your template. This file contains your context hook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`extensions` folder at the root of your template to modify the context. If for
example your `copier.yaml` contains a multiple-choice variable like this:

```yaml title="copier.yaml"
flavor:
  type: str
  choices:
    - Docker
    - Instances
    - Kubernetes
    - None
\```

The `context.py` file contains your context hook which could look like:
```
